h1. hxColorToolkit

A haXe library for color conversion and color scheme generation. 

It is based on "colortoolkit":http://code.google.com/p/colortoolkit/ with lots of bug fixs and enhancements.

h2. Usage

Install it from haxelib: @haxelib install hxColorToolkit@

bc.. 
//using hxColorToolkit.ColorToolkit;

var hexColor = 0x112233.toHex();
trace(hexColor.red); //0x11
trace(hexColor.green); //0x11
trace(hexColor.blue); //0x11

var hslColor = new hxColorToolkit.spaces.HSL(0, 100, 50); //construct a color in HSL space
trace(hslColor.getColor()); //0xFF0000 the hex color value

h2. Color spaces

They can be found inside the package @hxColorToolkit.spaces@. All of them implement the interface @hxColorToolkit.spaces.Color@.

* @CMYK@ 4-channel "CMYK":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMYK_color_model color space with each channel in [0,100].
* @Gray@ A single channel gray-scale color in [0,255]. Any color given will be converted to gray-scale.
* @Hex@ A simple wrapper of color value in hex(eg. @0xFFCCCC@). Its @red@, @green@, @blue@ extract the corresponding value to @Int@.
* @HSB@ 3-channel "HSB":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HSL_and_HSV color space with ranges [0,360), [0,100], [0,100].
* @HSL@ 3-channel "HSL":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HSL_and_HSV color space with ranges [0,360), [0,100], [0,100].
* @Lab@ 3-channel "Lab":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lab_color_space color space with ranges [0,100], [-128,127], [-128,127].
* @RGB@ Normal 3-channel "RGB":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RGB_color_space color space with each channel in [0,255]. Unlike @Hex@, its properties(@red@, @green@, @blue@) are stored as @Float@ for precise calculation.
* @XYZ@ 3-channel "XYZ":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIE_1931_color_space color space with ranges [0,95.047], [0,100], [0,108.883].
* @YUV@ 3-channel "YUV":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YUV color space with each channel in [0,255].

All channel values are clamped to their possible min/max, except hue values of @HSB@ and @HSL@ are looped inside 0-360 (@color.hue = -10; trace(color.hue); //350@).

h2. Color schemes

Color scheme is basically a set of colors, constructed according to "color theory":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_theory.

The classes can be found inside the package @hxColorToolkit.schemes@. All of them implement the interface @hxColorToolkit.schemes.ColorScheme@.

* @Analogous@
* @Complementary@
* @Compound@
* @FlippedCompound@
* @Monochrome@
* @SplitComplementary@
* @Tetrad@
* @Triad@
